ok I'm back I'm here with my ipad2 I
wanted to show you there is a
application as you can see is called on
life desktop these are its features it
allows you to do this it allows your
ipad 2 to play and incorporate flesh as
we know the iOS system had a problem
with that but this is what I use it for
this tap internet explorer and this
might sound strange let me 0 and try to
get you guys as close as possible i'm
sorry for the quality but I'm on my cell
camera and it's usually pretty good but
actually I use it for it's kinda hard to
the student camera for YouTube and for
my facebook gaining actually yes I love
my facebook gaming let's go there
usually he's got a good Wi-Fi connection
is relatively quick oh there we are okay
here we are my facebook so it's loading
not pretty slow and this is the game i'm
addicted to right here solitaire blitz
hmm this kind of the focus back up off
there okay try to get that there
now it's usually pretty expedient like
it's not glitchy at all gonna get there
quickly I could use a remote mouse over
here already okay it's loading still but
I don't have a mouse so i usually just
use my fingertips get prizes when guess
what's going on now it wants to act up
no I'm not trying to talk they're trying
to get me to do you know those sanguine
can you kill a friend here we are
message center and my lovely game oh I'm
so addicted to this game I wish somebody
give me some competition there but here
we are now watch I can play it
seamlessly it's basically a cutesy kind
of car game and I want to make it bigger
good this is just a quick video I'm
sorry as you can see here we go this is
how you play see I'm playing
see how quick and fluid that is I mean
no problem you know it's like I have a
mouse actually and I can tap in I got
such a whole game but this is the
facebook game that I play on it but you
can also play bejeweled that's a popular
one all the Facebook gangs basically I
just want to show you that it's not
interrupting it's relatively quick so
you know it's going along with the
program well it's other things you can
do but this is what I use it for me
because I there are some people like
road warriors that they might just have
their iPad or just some college kids or
anyone who has ipad that it can be it
can become your computer you can get a
computer doc let's get out of here you
can get a computer duck or whatever and
you can use the keyboard and a wireless
mouse or even a mouse if you have a duck
with the USB and you could turn you into
almost like a smaller version of a
macbook or something it might not have
all the great power power behind it but
there's enough power to edit documents
to do worksheets to do student work to
correct just basic things that you would
do on a computer and that's that's
pretty good along with the gaming
capabilities of ipad and as you can see
i use the creativity to play the flash
player games that are in the facebook
browser and that's basically what i want
to show you guys i mean i also use my
ipad for other things like if I'm in
between phone devices isn't it cute
that's my little cloudy puppy but anyway
I use it to make phone calls with line
two and magic jack this is pretty
successful at placing phone calls but
that's for another video ok thank you
guys thank you for your time bye bye